welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
buried in 2006
paul conroy an american civilian working
in a rock
awakes to find himself buried in a
wooden coffin with only a zippo lighter
and a blackberry phone at hand
as he gradually begins to piece together
what has happened to him
he recalls that he and several others
were ambushed by terrorists
passing out after being hit by a rock
he receives a call from his kidnapper
jagber
demanding that he pay a ransom of 5
million
or he will be left in the coffin to die
conroy calls the state department which
tells him that due to the government
policy of not negotiating with
terrorists
it will not pay the ransom but will try
to rescue him
they connect him with dan brenner head
of the hostage working group
who tells conroy they are working to
find him
jack burke calls conroy again and
demands he film a ransom video
threatening to execute one of his
colleagues who survived the attack
conroy insists that no one will pay five
million dollars
so jack bur drops the amount to 1
million
despite his compliance in making the
video the kidnappers
execute his colleague anyway and send
him video of the killing
shortly afterward distant explosions
shake the area
which damage his coffin causing it to
slowly fill with sand
conroy continues sporadic phone calls
with brenner
skeptical of his promises of help
brenner informs conroy that a man named
mark white was rescued from a similar
situation
three weeks prior and is now home safe
with his family
conroy receives a phone call from his
employers
who inform him that he has been
terminated from his job
due to an alleged prohibited
relationship with a colleague
because of this he and his family will
not be entitled to any benefits or
pension earned with the company brenner
calls saying that the explosions that
damaged his coffin earlier were in fact
f-16 bombings and that his kidnappers
may have been killed
conroy begins to lose hope and makes a
last will and testament in video form
leaving his son his clothes and his wife
his personal savings
jackpot calls demanding conroy video
record himself cutting off a finger
threatening conroy's family back home if
he refuses
conroy complies with this demand
shortly after filming the video his cell
phone rings
and conroy begins to hear digging and
distorted voices
the voices become clearer saying to open
the coffin
and the coffin opens it abruptly becomes
obvious that he hallucinated the
encounter
brenner calls and tells conroy an
insurgent has given details of where to
find a man buried alive
and that they are driving out to rescue
him
conroy then receives a tearful call from
his wife linda
and he assures her that he is going to
be okay
as sand continues to fill the coffin to
dangerous levels
giving conroy seconds left to live
brenner calls and tells him that he and
the rescue team have arrived at the
burial site
through the phone digging is heard but
conroy cannot hear any digging around
him
the team digs up a coffin and opens it
but it is revealed that the insurgent
led them to mark white's coffin
the man brenner claimed had been rescued
the film ends with brenner profusely
apologizing to conroy as the sand
finally fills the coffin and he
suffocates
in a post-credits scene a lighter
illuminates the name
mark white on the lid of the coffin
written by paul earlier
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you